HW-7	CSci-451	40 points		Due: ondayMay, 11/28/2022

This assignment is to honor the Zucca Gigantopithecus (great pumpkin), 
who flies through the air on Halloween night delivering homework solutions 
to computer science students throughout the world. Of course, he only 
visits the most sincere computer science students, the rest have to 
complete their own assignments. How sincere are you?

Program 0
---------
Program 0 (parent) will create a semaphore, create two pipes, spawn 
3 children (named program1, program2, and program3), and pass the 
semaphore ID and pipe IDs to the children (as required) via command 
line arguments.

Program 1 and program 2 must be forked at the same time and the 
semaphore MUST be used to synchronize reading/writing to one of the 
pipes. Program3 can be forked after 1 and 2 terminate.

Program 1 
---------
Program 1 will read a text file called "input.data" and extract the 
words. Note that words will be separated only by spaces, commas, or 
periods. Commas and periods will be considered part of a word. As 
each word is extracted, program 1 will write the words (1 word per 
line) into the pipe.
 
input.data:
It is the Zucca Gigantopithecus, or Great Pumpkin, Charlie Brown. 

Program 2
---------
Program 2 will read from the pipe and convert each word into Pig Latin 
(rules shown below) and write the converted word to another pipe. 
Program 2 will also keep track of how many words of each form (2 types 
possible) were converted and write those values to 2 other files 
(shared1.dat and shared2.dat). 

Pig Latin rules:
1) Type 1: For all words beginning with a vowel add the text "ray" to the 
   end of the word. For example: "and" becomes "andray," "end" becomes "endray", 
   etc. Note that any punctuation marks must remain at the end of the newly 
   formed word (and. becomes andray.).

2) Type 2: For all words beginning with consonants move the first letter to 
   the end of the word and add "ay". For example "number" becomes "umbernay," 
   "letter" becomes "etterlay," etc. Note that any punctuation marks must 
   remain at the end of the newly formed word.

Program 3
---------
Program 3 will open shared1.dat and shared2.dat files and display the values 
contained on the screen using the format:

Type 1: word_count
Type 2: word_count

Program 3 will also open the second pipe and reconstruct the original document 
(multiple words per line) and write it out to output.data. For example:

output.data:
Itray isray hetay uccaZay igantopithecusGay, orray reatGay umpkinPay, 
harlieCay rownBay.

REQUIREMENTS:
-------------
1. This MUST run on the SERVER (cscluster.cs.und.edu).
2. Your full name must appear as a comment at the beginning of your 
   program.
3. Your programs MUST be named program0, program1, program2, and program3.
   My script will assume those filenames. If your programs do not work because
   you used different filename, you will get 0 points.
4. You must include your source files and instructions on how to compile them
   (or a makefile).
5. Your tarball must be named hw7-yourname.tar
6. Your code must adhere to coding style 1TBS (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Indentation_style)
7. Failure to follow the above directions will result in loss of points.
